Welcome back.
And good job getting this far in the course where in this part a tiny little part.
Before we get into the two pillars of JavaScript a really really fun topic that I'm excited about.
But first we have to get through this part.
Now all programming languages have types.
That is the building blocks that allow us to write in that language.
We can have numbers strings billions and many more and in programming.
There are two types of languages dynamically and statically typed languages.
In this short section we're going to be talking all about types and the idea of types we're going to
define what static versus dynamically typed means.
We're going to talk about primitive types passed by reference versus past by value.
We're going to talk about a very confusing topic in JavaScript type caution.
And we're also going to talk a little bit about arrays functions and objects and how they relate into
this whole ecosystem of types in JavaScript.
This is an important stepping stone in order for us to master the language.
So let's dive in and gain some new knowledge.
I'll see in the next one by.